[CLOUD-2262][EAP7-1192] Hard requirements (#1)
ochaloup/wildfly-proposals: openshift/CLOUD-2262.adoc

=== Hard Requirements

> * allow users to deploy clustered transactional EAP applications on OpenShift

Reviewer: will we define in the requirements that the stateful set will be used or is it rather an implementation detail?

Reviewer: not needed  :)

* applications should be able to communicate using ejb-client/remoting libraries
* distributed transactional operations among those applications should be fully supported
* transactions should recover properly if the transaction is interrupted
* users would create the applications using provided template, which would hide the complexity associated with operation in cloud

> * users would be able to configure connections between applications by configuring remoting subsystem in standalone-openshift.xml

Reviewer: will we define the ways how the remote connection can be created? will we be supporting only remote outbound connection at this time?
As we discussed the recovery with the programmatic lookup does not work currently. Do you expect that being nice to have or hard requirement?

Author: I added programmatic lookup as 'nice-to-have' cause we don't know the reason for the problems yet.

=== Nice-to-Have Requirements
* scale-down of number of replicas in StatefulSet - this is planed to be introduced as en extension after the core functionality is implemented and tested

> * auto-generate standalone-openshift.xml during the config - this is planed to be introduced as en extension after the core functionality is implemented and teste

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* auto-generate `standalone-openshift.xml` during the config - this is planned to be introduced as en extension after the core functionality is implemented and tested
```

Author: fixed

> * auto-generate standalone-openshift.xml during the config - this is planed to be introduced as en extension after the core functionality is implemented and teste

Reviewer: what does mean `auto-generate` the `standalone-openshift.xml`?

Author: This has to be still designed. Possibly by scripting the template. I would like to decouple OpenShift internals from customers as much as possible.
